[CC][Master] Update endpoints, standalone, timeout, subscription validation docs (#5169)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/concepts/subscription-validation.md

!!! tip

		- By default, Choreo Connect *will not* apply subscription validations for access tokens since the Control Plane is not available. For access tokens, if the Control Plane is not connected but subscription validation is set to true, Choreo Connect expects subscription data also to be included in the incoming authentication JWT, which is called a self-contained token.   

		- By default Choreo Connect **will** apply the subscription validation for API keys. The structure of the API key JWT content is expected to be same as API keys generated by API Manager Publisher. Subscription validation for API keys will always expect Choreo Connect to have API Manager as the Control Plane since it validates against the most recent subscription information sent by the Control Plane. When disabled, subscription validation would still occur as a verification which checks if the API name and version is listed under `subscribedAPIs` claim of the JWT token.

> 		- Enabling and disabling of subscription validations can be done by setting the parameter to true or false [here](https://apim.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configurations/enforcer-configurations/#token-service). Checkout `config.toml.template` located in `CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME/docker-compose/choreo-connect/conf` for examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		- Enabling and disabling of subscription validations can be done by setting the parameter to true or false [here]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configurations/enforcer-configurations/#token-service). Checkout `config.toml.template` located in `CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME/docker-compose/choreo-connect/conf` for examples.
```
